docs: add GitLab DORA metrics guide (#2324)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/guides/all/create-and-track-dora-metrics-in-your-portal.md

</center><br/>

This guide will walk you through the setup and use of DORA metrics in your portal.  
We will learn how to configure DORA metrics, track them, and view insights to drive engineering improvements.

> This guide sets up all the foundational components and works out of the box with [GitHub](/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/git/github/) and [PagerDuty](/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/incident-management/pagerduty/) integrations. For customizing DORA with other tools, see the following guides:
> - [GitLab](/guides/all/set-up-deployments-dora-gitlab)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide sets up all the foundational components and works out of the box with [GitHub](/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/git/github/) and [PagerDuty](/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/incident-management/pagerduty/) integrations.  
If you use GitLab as your Git provider, complete this guide, then proceed to the [GitLab guide](/guides/all/set-up-deployments-dora-gitlab) to adjust the relevant components.
```
